you can looks awesome a cub wing on an
Aries you cut this all out
oh yeah how'd you do that is that the
fabric or did the fabric insert
something yeah see a time you score with
a knife and then work it back and forth
exacto blade what servos high-tech metal
gear ho the micros 85 or something you
didn't take your CG with the battery
before what the hell you're not taking
off from their area
geez don't fear your pre-flight check
I'm gonna start with the flaps are you
okay
Wow
float a little better James yeah or the
ailerons irken for you pretty responsive
a little surprised with that small
control oh wow yeah with the end up with
that small control surface I figure you
need more that is nice you got the 2s
prop on there right I suppose with the
2's battery holy crap that was with the
wind the wind's coming from from that
way oh you did